[8.10] Removes statement about CSPM only working in default space (backport #6911) (#6922)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/cspm.asciidoc

--
* The CSPM integration is available to all {ecloud} users. On-premise deployments require an https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription].
* {stack} version 8.10 or greater.

> * CSPM is supported only on AWS, GCP, and Azure commercial cloud platforms, and AWS GovCloud. Other government cloud platforms are not supported. https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/new/choose[Click here to request support].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CSPM is supported on commercial cloud only. Government cloud is not supported (https://github.com/elastic/enhancements[request support]).
```
